I'm not very good at knowing what's in
fashion or what's not in fashion I just
sort of just do what feels kind of right
and also because I'm always very very
late well I'll just put on what's at
hand and hope for the best provide it my
time if if if I get it wrong I get it
wrong I mean frankly you have to get a
wrong a certain amount of time um in
order to sort of develop I mean if you
don't get it wrong it is just I think it
doesn't become incredibly boring I
design all of my own things and I'll
just alter them by kind of like a
millimeter or two or I'll add a button
or I'll take it off and everything's
kind of like kind of morphs into
something else these used to be tennis
bracelets I'm now doing earrings the
other way up I quite like some
asymmetrical
I collect rocks and a rock crystal and I
love Jade I like all sorts of different
metals and I know this is gonna sound
very mad but but also I have a
fascination with physics and the images
are up from the Hubble telescope I just
faced and strangely enough if you take
the very smallest things and the visual
largest and you can kind of look at the
world at a molecular level they're very
very similar I mean let you see through
all these kind of extraordinary colors
and then you can find those in crystals
I always wanted to be part of the
knights of the round table it was really
to do with literature so anything I was
reading I read sort of trying back on
I was standing in the corner as usual
with Lee and Sean and I just said that
wouldn't be just so great to be just as
completely armor-plated it's more of a
statement about protection against the
world and how to do that and the most
beautiful form possible and I'm slowly
but gradually working my way over my
body or just sort of get each part sort
of plated
the idea that one is eccentric because
of the way one puts herself together is
that just that's just doesn't make any
sense at all I said I think probably
avant-garde is more appropriate
I work very closely with the artists
that I work with and we I collaborate
very closely with them and I mean
they're my family and I like to be part
of the process that's really important
to me you know what one can wish for all
sorts of things but I I wish no what I
hope for is that we stop looking
backwards and then we stop sort of
recycling all the looks that we've been
going through for the last 20 years and
people start looking they actually start
moving forwards again like they used to
that's why it was really important for
me to do the fighting because I just
thought I want the students to be able
to see how things were made or are made
or can be made because what good is it's
just sitting in my closet and they're
already interested that gives me hope
that gives me hope because I haven't I
mean I mean I never I've never stopped
being curious that's not so funny really
I don't think I've ever been jaded